Lesson 1.5 git and github
3/14/18
This was a major pain as windows did not want to run file compare
but once I got windows to cooperate I could find problems and spelling errors 
so conclusion: great and helpful 
Class suggestions:
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Yes but the file compare was much more effecient

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I currently make daily backups of all projects so I can return to a working method.  I am a local kind of guy at this point
	it will take time to desire to paste my work all over the internet.  Sorry but do not trust the cloud yet.  I have seen
	that there is always someone able to crack the security online

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    With git I can save for others to review.  I prefer to use local back up of whole project 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Since I currently save files on a complete basis once or twice a day until final done eaither will work

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    There are just online versions of the local file compare and notepad ++ compare

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because it is easier to return to functioning program

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Current project that I an building for a website

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?     
    
    I personally prefer to manually save and have choice as to timing of saves. Automatic saves are fine if you have the ability to set the save timing and place.  
	

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    The allowing of multiple files allow a better tracking system as the code becomes more volumetric and complicated.  It allows one to look at the whole not the parts when 
    tracking errors of changes. 


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?	
    
     The commands for git log gives the history and git diff lets you see the changes. It works fine but to be honest git is like going back in history
     working with DOS as all commands must be exact as it expects or just cannot understand.  This same thing can be done in Android Studio with proper training. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
     
     Again this is like working in dos but I love the fact that the local repository can be reverted and allow you to test older version without affecting current changes
     in program.  Great for keeping working file safe!	

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
     
     May use it for current project I am working for a programmer. Did not really change set up as it is fine as it is for me!